Privacy Policy

Amply respects your privacy and is committed to providing a safe and secure user experience with our music bot “Amply”. This Privacy Policy outlines our practices regarding user data
1. Data Collection
We store user IDs and server IDs when a user purchases a premium package to support Amply. We may also store accounts names to match account IDs, and contact information such as emails, for when someone makes a purchase or requests support from our support team!
2. Usage Information
We store the information we collect to help us understand what our users have most interest in with "Amply", and to keep users safe. We make sure this information is secure, by only having our top staff have access to the information for business purposes only. We also keep this data to track purchases, in the case someone makes a wrong purchase, or has an issues with premium features. We like to keep on top of everything by making sure everyone has access to support, safety whilst using Amply, and being able to use our features with ease-of-access!
3. Third-Party Services
Our music bot may provide links to or integrate with third-party services, but we do not collect or transmit any user data to these services.
4. Communication
We do not send promotional emails or communications to our users. However we do store Emails for contact information, or for verification purposes when someone makes a purchase and needs support accessing and/or removing/cancelling that purchase.
5. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any future updates or changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated on our website or Discord support server.
6. Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about your privacy when using our music bot, please feel free to contact us at:
amply.discord@gmail.com
Or on our support server:
https://discord.gg/8y3M9eja

ATTENTION
Please note we have the right to change our Privacy Policy with updated information at any given time. It’s not our responsibility to keep you updated. You must keep yourself updated with our Privacy Policy. We will however try to inform all of our product users about any Privacy Policy updates we make in the future.
